# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

Neither our brewing nor our technology would be possible without the years of experience shared with us.
In that spirit, Wall Brew is committed to fostering an environment of open collaboration and does not tolerate discrimination of any form.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Our Pledge](#our-pledge)
- [Our Standards](#our-standards)
- [Our Responsibilities](#our-responsibilities)
- [Scope](#scope)
- [Enforcement](#enforcement)
- [Attribution](#attribution)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our Standards

All community members should have a clear and shared understanding of what is considered acceptable and unacceptable behavior.
To prevent ad-hoc or just-in-time rule setting, we have explicitly outlined our expectations and rules in text.
Our Code of Conduct strives to meet three goals:

- Welcome contributors and participants
- Define basic standards and rules for community participation
- Outline procedures for handling abuse and violation of said rules and standards

At a minimum, we expect all contributors and maintainers:

- Use welcoming and inclusive language that respects the names, pseudonyms, and pronouns individuals select for themselves
- Respect differing viewpoints and experiences
- Accept constructive criticism and suggestions gracefully
- Focus on what is best for the community
- Show empathy towards other community members
- Act in a professional manner

Additionally, we explicitly prohibit:

- The use of sexualized language, sexualized imagery, and any sexual attention or advances
- Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal attacks of any variety
- Discrimination of any kind
- Threats in any form against an individual's mental, emotional, or physical safety
- Public or private harassment
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in any setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Maintainers are expected to remove, edit, or reject any contribution that does not meet these standards.
Further, any maintainer or contributor found grossly in violation, intentionally in violation, or repeatedly in violation of these guidelines may be banned temporarily or permanently at the sole discretion of Wall Brew.

Violations of these guidelines may be reported publicly by tagging any Wall Brew Maintainer or in private by emailing contact [at] wallbrew [dot] com.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community.
Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.
Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

Any and all instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at contact@wallbrew.com.
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances.
The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith will face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant, version 1.4](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html)

They supply answers to most [frequently asked questions.](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq)

<!-- This file was automatically copied and populated by rebroadcast -->
<!-- Do not edit this file directly, instead modify the source at https://github.com/Wall-Brew-Co/rebroadcast -->
